[3.9][Privacy] Block usage of FLoC by default (#33212)
joomla/joomla-cms: htaccess.txt

## Suppress mime type detection in browsers for unknown types
<IfModule mod_headers.c>
Header always set X-Content-Type-Options "nosniff"
##
# Joomla considers the feature of Federated Learning of Cohorts (FLoC) to be against the
# interest of users and site owners. We encourage you to block this feature by

> # uncomment the below directive. Read more about this in the Post-Installation message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# uncommenting the below directive. Read more about this in the Post-Installation message
```

> # Joomla considers the feature of Federated Learning of Cohorts (FLoC) to be against the
> # interest of users and site owners. We encourage you to block this feature by
> # uncommenting the below directive. Read more about this in the Post-Installation message
> # in the backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Joomla considers the feature of Federated Learning of Cohorts (FLoC) to be against the
# interest of users and site owners. If the option "Block Google FLoC" is switched on in
# Global Configuration, the Joomla application adds an http header to each http response
# to block FLoC. But this applies only to request going to the application.
# Therefore we encourage you to uncomment the below directive to apply this header to ALL
# http responses. If you do that, switch off the "Block Google FLoC" option in Global
# Configuration, too.
# Read more about this in the Post-Installation message in the backend.
```
@Hackwar We should write something like that to inform people to switch off the backend option when using the htaccess directive in order not to get duplicate header values.

@brianteeman Maybe you can find a shorter way, my explanations are sometimes a bit long.

## Suppress mime type detection in browsers for unknown types
<IfModule mod_headers.c>
Header always set X-Content-Type-Options "nosniff"
##

> # Joomla considers the feature of Federated Learning of Cohorts (FLoC) to be against the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The Joomla! Project considers the feature of Federated Learning of Cohorts (FLoC) to be against the
```

As per the text in COM_ADMIN_POSTINSTALL_MSG_GOOGLE_FLOC_BLOCKER_DESCRIPTION, differentiate between The Joomla Project (that is political) and the Joomla CMS code (which is not political)

# interest of users and site owners. Joomla blocks this feature by default through its

> # code. To block it for all requrests, uncomment the below directive and then disable the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# code. To block it for all requests, uncomment the below directive and then disable the
```

> # code in the global configuration of Joomla. Read more about this in the Post-Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# this feature in the global configuration of Joomla. Read more about this in the Post-Installation
```

> # code in the global configuration of Joomla. Read more about this in the Post-Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# code in the Global Configuration of Joomla. Read more about this in the Post-Installation
```

Reviewer 3: This should point to documentation somewhere other than the site itself. If the site is not working you cannot read the notes

## Suppress mime type detection in browsers for unknown types
<IfModule mod_headers.c>
Header always set X-Content-Type-Options "nosniff"
##

> # The Joomla! Project considers the feature of Federated Learning of Cohorts (FLoC)
> # to be a security issue and to be against the interest of users and site owners.
> # Joomla blocks this feature by default through its code. To block it for all requests,
> # uncomment the below directive and then disable the this feature in the global
> # configuration of Joomla. Read more about this in the Post-Installation message
> # in the backend.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
# Disable Federated Learning of Cohorts (FLoC)
# If you uncomment the below directive you have to allow this technology in the 
# Global Configuration of Joomla. Read more about this in the Post-Installation 
# message in the backend.
```

> ## Suppress mime type detection in browsers for unknown types

Reviewer: An additional comment about the Permissions Policy is needed, especially to state that if you have enabled the feature in Joomla, or if you need a custom Permissions Policy then its best not to enable this blindly in .htaccess

<IfModule mod_headers.c>
Header always set X-Content-Type-Options "nosniff"

> Header always set Permissions-Policy: interest-cohort=()

Reviewer 2: Your new line has a colon and is not quoting the value, the existing line above has no colon and quotes the value with double quotes. This looks at least weird, inconsistent to me, and makes me think that the colon might be wrong for this directive.

> Header always set Permissions-Policy: interest-cohort=()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Header always set Permissions-Policy "interest-cohort=()"
```
See examples on https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/mod/mod_headers.html .
